Installation Instructions for WinCache
--------------------------------------

Requirements
------------
The extension is currently supported only on the following 
configurations: 

Windows OS:
 - Windows XP SP3 with IIS 5.1 and FastCGI Extension 
 - Windows Server 2003 with IIS 6.0 and FastCGI Extension 
 - Windows Vista SP1 with IIS 7.0 and FastCGI Module 
 - Windows Server 2008 with IIS 7.0 and FastCGI Module 

PHP:
 - PHP 5.2.X, Non-thread-safe build 
 - PHP 5.3 X86, Non-thread-safe VC9 build 

 Note: The WinCache Extension can only be used when IIS is 
 configured to run PHP via FastCGI.
 
Installation
------------
There are two packages for this extension: one package is for PHP 
versions 5.2.X, and the other package is for PHP 5.3.X. Select the 
package that is appropriate for the PHP version being used. 

To install and enable the extension, follow these steps: 

1.Unpack the package into some temporary location. 

2.Copy the php_wincache.dll file into the PHP extensions folder. Typically 
this folder is called "ext" and it is located in the same folder with 
all PHP binary files. For example: C:\Program Files\PHP\ext. 

3.Using a text editor, open the php.ini file, which is usually located 
in the same folder where all PHP binary files are. For example: 
C:\Program Files\PHP\php.ini. 

4.Add the following line at the end of the php.ini file: extension = 
php_wincache.dll. 

5.Save and close the php.ini file. 

6.Recycle the IIS Application Pools for PHP to pick up the configuration 
changes. To check that the extension has been enabled, create a file 
called phpinfo.php with a PHP code that calls phpinfo function. 

7.Save the phpinfo.php file in the root folder of a IIS web site that 
uses PHP, then open a browser and make a request to 
http://localhost/phpinfo.php. Search within the returned web page for a 
section called wincache. If the extension is enabled, then the phpinfo 
output will list the configuration settings provided by the WinCache. 

Note: Do not forget to remove phpinfo.php file from the web site's root 
folder after verifying that extension has been enabled.

For instructions on how to use the extension refer to 
http://docs.php.net/wincache.